Document the hardware integration (#24009)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/hardware.markdown

---
title: Hardware
ha_category:
  - Other

> ha_release: 2022.7

Reviewer: Shouldn't this go to current if it's already been released?

Author: Oh, you're right 🤦
Fixed now.

ha_quality_scale: internal
ha_codeowners:
  - '@home-assistant/core'
ha_domain: hardware
ha_integration_type: integration
---

> The Hardware integration provides an API which offers information about certain board types, USB dongles, and CPU and memory usage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Hardware integration provides an API which offers information about certain board types, USB dongles, and resource usage.
```
"and x and y" does not read well 🤷‍♂️

This integration is by default enabled, unless you've disabled or removed the [`default_config:`](/integrations/default_config/) line from your configuration. If that is the case, the following example shows you how to enable this integration manually:

```yaml
# Example configuration.yaml entry

> system_health:

Reviewer: Is this correct?

Author: Nope, fixed now

Reviewer: It's not fixed yet. :wink:

Author: Oops, now it should be fixed 🙃
